README.md, before:

# Birthday Adapter

Birthday Adapter is the first implementation to really display all contact birthdays automatically in your standard Android calendar without hassle.

Birthday Adapter provides birthdays, anniversaries, and other events from your contacts as a real calendar, which is displayed in your standard Android calendar application. To my knowledge, this is the first implementation that implements birthdays as a real calendar integrated in the Android calendar. All other apps only displays their own lists but have no real integration! 

For more information visit http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter

# Build using Ant

1. Have Android SDK "tools" directory in your PATH (http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
2. Change to "Birthday-Adapter" directory with ``cd Birthday-Adapter``
3. Execute ``android update project -p .``
4. Execute ``ant debug``

# Contribute

Fork Birthday Adapter and do a Pull Request. I will merge your changes back into the main project.

# Libraries

All JAR-Libraries are provided in this repository under "libs".

# Translations

Translations are hosted on Transifex, which is configured by ".tx/config".

1. To pull newest translations install transifex client (e.g. ``apt-get install transifex-client``)
2. Config Transifex client with "~/.transifexrc"
3. Go into root folder of git repo
4. execute ``tx pull`` (``tx pull -a`` to get all languages)

see http://help.transifex.net/features/client/index.html#user-client

# Coding Style

## Code
* Indentation: 4 spaces, no tabs
* Maximum line width for code and comments: 100
* Opening braces don't go on their own line
* Field names: Non-public, non-static fields start with m.
* Acronyms are words: Treat acronyms as words in names, yielding !XmlHttpRequest, getUrl(), etc.

See http://source.android.com/source/code-style.html

## XML
* XML Maximum line width 999
* XML: Split multiple attributes each on a new line (Eclipse: Properties -> XML -> XML Files -> Editor)
* XML: Indent using spaces with Indention size 4 (Eclipse: Properties -> XML -> XML Files -> Editor)

See http://www.androidpolice.com/2009/11/04/auto-formatting-android-xml-files-with-eclipse/

# Licenses
Birthday Adapter is licensed under the GPLv3+.  
The file COPYING includes the full license text.

## Details
Birthday Adapter is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Birthday Adapter is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Birthday Adapter.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Libraries
* ColorPickerPreference  
  https://github.com/attenzione/android-ColorPickerPreference  
  Apache License v2

* CalendarProvider from Original Android 4 Source  
  Apache License v2

* HTMLCleander  
  http://htmlcleaner.sourceforge.net/  
  BSD License

* HtmlSpanner  
  Apache License v2

## Images

* icon.svg  
  Based on Tango Icon Library and Tango Pidgin Icon Theme  
  http://tango.freedesktop.org/  
  Public Domain (Tango Icon Library) and GPL (Tango Pidgin Icon Theme)

Commit message:

Restructure project for gradle and Android Studio

README.md, after:

# Birthday Adapter

Birthday Adapter is the first implementation to really display all contact birthdays automatically in your standard Android calendar without hassle.

Birthday Adapter provides birthdays, anniversaries, and other events from your contacts as a real calendar, which is displayed in your standard Android calendar application. To my knowledge, this is the first implementation that implements birthdays as a real calendar integrated in the Android calendar. All other apps only displays their own lists but have no real integration! 

For more information visit http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter

# Build with Gradle

1. Have Android SDK "tools", "platform-tools", and "build-tools" directories in your PATH (http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
2. Export ANDROID_HOME pointing to your Android SDK
3. Install gradle
4. Execute ``gradle wrapper`` (http://www.gradle.org/docs/current/userguide/gradle_wrapper.html)
5. Execute ``./gradlew assemble``

## More build information

Two productFlavors are build with gradle. A "full" version and a "free" version (without settings).

# Contribute

Fork Birthday Adapter and do a Pull Request. I will merge your changes back into the main project.

# Libraries

All JAR-Libraries are provided in this repository under "libs".

# Translations

Translations are hosted on Transifex, which is configured by ".tx/config".

1. To pull newest translations install transifex client (e.g. ``apt-get install transifex-client``)
2. Config Transifex client with "~/.transifexrc"
3. Go into root folder of git repo
4. execute ``tx pull`` (``tx pull -a`` to get all languages)

see http://help.transifex.net/features/client/index.html#user-client

# Coding Style

## Code
* Indentation: 4 spaces, no tabs
* Maximum line width for code and comments: 100
* Opening braces don't go on their own line
* Field names: Non-public, non-static fields start with m.
* Acronyms are words: Treat acronyms as words in names, yielding !XmlHttpRequest, getUrl(), etc.

See http://source.android.com/source/code-style.html

## XML
* XML Maximum line width 999
* XML: Split multiple attributes each on a new line (Eclipse: Properties -> XML -> XML Files -> Editor)
* XML: Indent using spaces with Indention size 4 (Eclipse: Properties -> XML -> XML Files -> Editor)

See http://www.androidpolice.com/2009/11/04/auto-formatting-android-xml-files-with-eclipse/

# Licenses
Birthday Adapter is licensed under the GPLv3+.  
The file COPYING includes the full license text.

## Details
Birthday Adapter is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Birthday Adapter is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Birthday Adapter.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Libraries
* ColorPickerPreference  
  https://github.com/attenzione/android-ColorPickerPreference  
  Apache License v2

* CalendarProvider from Original Android 4 Source  
  Apache License v2

* HTMLCleander  
  http://htmlcleaner.sourceforge.net/  
  BSD License

* HtmlSpanner  
  Apache License v2

## Images

* icon.svg  
  Based on Tango Icon Library and Tango Pidgin Icon Theme  
  http://tango.freedesktop.org/  
  Public Domain (Tango Icon Library) and GPL (Tango Pidgin Icon Theme)
